Update `.quickstart.yml` and `README` (#32)
fivetran/dbt_amazon_ads: README.md

| [`amazon_ads__search_report`](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_amazon_ads/#!/model/model.amazon_ads.amazon_ads__search_report) | Represents daily performance at the search term level, enriched with account, campaign, and ad group context. Includes metrics such as `spend`, `clicks`, `impressions`, and `conversions`.<br><br>**Example Analytics Questions:**<ul><li>What new search terms are emerging that I should add as keywords?</li><li>Which irrelevant search terms should be added as negatives to reduce wasted spend?</li><li>Are there seasonal shifts in search terms driving conversions?</li></ul> |

¹ Each Quickstart transformation job run materializes these models if all components of this data model are enabled. This count includes all staging, intermediate, and final models materialized as `view`, `table`, or `incremental`.

---

## Visualizations

> Many of the above reports are now configurable for [visualization via Streamlit](https://github.com/fivetran/streamlit_amazon-ads). Check out some [sample reports here](https://fivetran-amazon-ads.streamlit.app/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the above reports are now configurable for [visualization via Streamlit](https://github.com/fivetran/streamlit_ad_reporting). Check out some [sample reports here](https://fivetran-ad-reporting.streamlit.app/ad_performance).
```
